quiz 2 review

* Chapter 3
	* Central nervous system: brain and spinal cord
	* Peripheral nervous system: connects CNS to the rest of the body.
	* Somatic nervous system: associated with activities traditionally thought of as conscious or voluntary.
	* Autonomic nervous system: controls organs and glands; generally considered to be outside the realm of voluntary control. Can be divided up into Sympathetic and Parasympathetic nervous systems.
		* Sympathetic nervous system: Involved with preparing the body for stress-related activities.
		* Parasympathetic nervous system: Associated with returning the body to routine, day-to-day operations.
	* Lateralization: Specialization between hemispheres of the brain.
	* The two hemispheres are connected by the corpus callosum.
	* Brain lobes: 
		* frontal, located in the front, involved in reasoning, motor control, emotion, language.
		* parietal, behind frontal lobe, involved in processing information from senses.
		* temporal, located on the side of the brain, associated with hearing, memory, emotion.
		* occipital, back of the brain, contains primary visual cortex.
	* Limbic system: emotion, memory, smell.
	* Cerebellum: part of hindbrain, works with muscles, tendons, joints to control balance, coordination, movement, and motor skills.
	* neurons
	* Synapse: space between neurons.
	* Membrane potential: provides energy for signal between neurons.
	* Resting potential: The membrane's potential held in a state of readiness.
	* 
* resting/action potential
* synapses
* neuron communication
* neurotransmitters
* brain / nervous system divisions
* structures of the brain
* 